docs: Add a tutorial for `pystack remote` - deadlock example (#179)
bloomberg/pystack: docs/tutorials/deadlock.rst

> Deadlock
> ===============================
> 
> Intro
> ---------

Reviewer: Small change: I think this is a little more tidy this way.

```suggestion
Deadlock
========

Intro
-----
```

This lesson is meant to familiarize you with PyStack with a classical problem of locks acquisition.

> We will intentionally perform a deadlock, it a classic concurrency problem where improper ordering of lock acquisition can lead to deadlock,
> a situation where two or more threads are waiting for each other to release resources, causing the program to hang indefinitely.

Reviewer: I would suggest a slight rewording there:

```suggestion
In this exercise, we will intentionally create a lock ordering issue,
which is a common way of causing a deadlock, where two or more threads
are waiting for each other to release resources, causing the program to
hang indefinitely.
```

You will also need a terminal with ``python3`` installed, preferably one of the latest versions.

Once you have the repo ready to navigate, ``cd`` into the docs/tutorials folder:

.. code:: shell

    cd docs/tutorials/

It is here where we will be running the tests and exercises for the remainder of the tutorial.
For reference here are the official `python3 venv docs <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html>`_.
You can also just follow along with the commands below.

Let's go ahead and setup our virtual environment.

.. code:: shell

    python3 -m venv .venv

Once your virtual environment has been created, you can activate it like so:

.. code:: shell

    source .venv/bin/activate

You can confirm activation was successful if your terminal prompt is prefixed with ``(.venv)``.
With our virtual environment ready, we can go ahead and install all the dependencies required
for the tutorial.

.. code:: shell

    python3 -m pip install -r requirements-tutorial.txt

Keep your virtual environment activated for the rest of the tutorial, and you should be able to run
any of the commands in the exercises.

> PyStack remote use
> ------------------------

Reviewer: Same as above, a little more tidy this way

```suggestion
PyStack remote use
------------------
```

> PyStack remote has the ability analyze the status of a running (remote) process.

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
PyStack remote has the ability to analyze the status of a running (remote) process.
```

Executing the deadlock
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Assuming that we are in the `tutorials` directory, we can run the `deadlock script <https://github.com/bloomberg/docs/tutorials/deadlock.py>`_ with:

.. code:: shell

    python3 deadlock.py

This script will intentionally perform a deadlock and the first message will contain the process ID.
Another option is to find it with:

.. code:: shell

>     ps | grep deadlock.py

Reviewer: I would add these options here to make it more likely that there is a match.

```suggestion
    ps aux | grep deadlock.py
```

> After the deadlock occurs we can use the PyStack command to analyze the process (replace the pid with the number of the process):
> 
> .. code:: shell
> 
>     pystack remote pid

Reviewer: In order to make it a bit clearer what needs to be done, using `<PID>` makes the command fail immediately if it isn't replaced.

```suggestion
After the deadlock occurs we can use the PyStack command to analyze the
process (replace <PID> with the process ID from the previous step):

.. code:: shell

    pystack remote <PID>
```

Potentially it will appear an `Operation not permitted` error. If it is your case use this command instead:

.. code:: shell

>     sudo -E pystack remote pid

Reviewer: Same as above

```suggestion
    sudo -E pystack remote <PID>
```

Understanding the results
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Notice that each section is displaying a running thread and linking the exactly line that is related to it.

> This way we can successful diagnose that there are a improper ordering of lock acquisition.

Reviewer: I think we could expand on that. We could actually print the expected output from PyStack and explains what it means, and how it shows that there is a lock ordering problem.
